c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player.xnb
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tile1.xnb
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tile2.xnb
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GameWorld.exe
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GameWorld.pdb
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\obj\x86\Debug\GameWorld.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\obj\x86\Debug\GameWorld.exe
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\obj\x86\Debug\GameWorld.pdb
c:\users\kruys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tile3.xnb
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\obj\x86\Debug\GameWorld.exe
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\obj\x86\Debug\GameWorld.pdb
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\obj\x86\Debug\GameWorld.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player.xnb
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tile1.xnb
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tile2.xnb
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tile3.xnb
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GameWorld.exe
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GameWorld.pdb
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\kruys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GameWorld - Copy\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player.xnb
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tile1.xnb
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tile2.xnb
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Tile3.xnb
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GameWorld.exe
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GameWorld.pdb
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\obj\x86\Debug\GameWorld.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\obj\x86\Debug\GameWorld.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\obj\x86\Debug\GameWorld.csproj.CopyComplete
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\obj\x86\Debug\GameWorld.exe
J:\KasperGame\Game\GameWorld\obj\x86\Debug\GameWorld.pdb
